here dance welcome to the service
of opening Monday envelopes and
hope that it's going to do that around here the
micro so you can hear better and
we are going and not only comes opening
Monday envelopes episode number 8
but good the day he goes to
touch us something interesting in the envelopes
I have it and marked in the calendar is
the day we are going to throw the house
through the window and something is not going to attack us
I feel it, I seal it
good good is a gold player
special
this was normal
for wenger
624 fast sales then
without you 300 put in the market
well here
and here ok
had therefore equal growing 300
and 500
OK
all the same
300 then 300 and 500
and this goes club to club to club to
club I think
in the club
to the club
and the club
nothing new as usual
templates to teach is basically to
the one you saw in yesterday's video
in which you have more that have been expelled
so let's change it over here
x
cantons
so in the same template that says
served yesterday since the serious ones today
against the contract of
of good man this
It is done
I will do the
so nothing die lopez godin
found and came to the cinema because he scratched
with martínez
juanfran cars of the gavi busquets
villa rubén castro that is in my couple
front star and nothing
once again that does not touch us much the
true a 78 special gold player
of average but good
percent this afternoon I'll try to upload
this ritual service here 12 and so
that nothing but that is we have another
video more this parrot eat at 4 like this
go again you have about 7 o'clock 6 o'clock
that we liked and to vote it our
favorites subscribe to the channel if not
you were going in the next video until
the next goodbye